calm be calm about it I don't want to
make things awkward for you but I do
have to show you boom yeah I tried to
get it to look like you and me in the
same face your eyes aren't as dead as
they are here but I kind of like that
cuz if I go like this it looks like
you're having it like you have a
headache yeah Wow
the eyes are a little more dead here
than they are there but it's took tattoo
yeah but you still like everything to be
lively even though it's ink my cousin
has a tattoo of a bird and when he goes
like this it looks like it's flying he's
a good guy
I don't care we should all hang out you
mean my cousin Laura and now your and
you get like more pensive uh breathe it
in
marinate on it you took a little bit of
his own interpretation thank you I mean
I would I would eventually like to get
like a whole swing eyes are both facing
this way which is weird they're always
stuff that you blow my mind